This symbolizes the Heaven Dou Legion
God Dou Sword of Supreme Power
After three years, the sun has finally been rebuilt
The day has finally come
Lian I asked Tiandou Information Book to help me find someone
Long Shuai is
He is the first five princes of Heaven Dou
Hua Wuji will marry her only daughter
The nickname is Wishing Man
This is a picture of him 20 years ago.
Don't let anyone know I'm looking for him
Because he means a lot to me.
What is the relationship between Senior Hua Wuji and you?
Why do you care so much about his daughter?
In fact, Senior Hua Wuji died because of me
Dad! Dad!
Dad Bad Uncle
It's all in English.
Want to be like this
Have children
Dad, I'm sorry, you must live quietly
Ozawa, you are the brother.
You must take good care of Yue Yue, you know?
Ozawa will definitely protect his life
What? I promised his father
Make sure to keep him safe
So we must find him
The adult found it.
That man's name is Linze
It is the fall of the Sun family in Yanzhou
But it seems like they just got divorced.
Falling flocculent
Throughout the entire dragon
How many people have a majestic martial arts strategy like him?
Sun Jiashan is small
Naturally, I can't keep a koi like him.
Go in and have a baby
Be sure to investigate him thoroughly